(Yuya)
Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh Arc V."
I send Destiny Hero Dynatag
from my hand
to the graveyard
to activate
its special ability!
(Phoenix)
Since I have fewer
life points than you,
I don't take damage
from your attack.
Instead, we both take
1,000 points of damage.
(Yuto)
No!
Aah!
(gasping)
(tires screeching)
(man)
This way!
(man 2)
Commander Phoenix,
are you okay?
(man)
Do you need help,
Commander Phoenix?
(thinking)
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
He's gone.
Where'd he go?
If I'm gonna find my dad,
I gotta find this Phoenix guy.
We're in luck.
Kite's right there.
And making
more friends, I see.
As usual.
Let's move out.
What's the deal?
You forget how to walk
or something?
Oh.
And now feel the fury
of my Cipher Dragons
as they finish you off.
(roaring)
Hey, Kite.
We found you at last.
I didn't know I was lost.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have unfinished business
to take care of.
I want the old Kite back.
Ugh... no, stop.
Please, let us go.
Begging for mercy isn't
going to help you.
(whimpering)
Please, no‐‐ no!
Good riddance.
Wait, don't go.
Please, Kite,
come back home with us.
Listen, Saya misses you.
I miss you.
(growling)
Wait.
(gasping)
(Alan)
Shay?
If I were you, pal,
I wouldn't get in my way.
And if I do?
Are you gonna
turn me into a card?
That's an interesting
proposition.
(voice)
Generating Action Field
Crossover.
Action Cards dispersed.
Cool off,
you guys.
Kid's right,
you should be
KO‐ing Duel Academy,
not each other.
Then again, nothing wrong
with a little warm‐up.
(both)
Let's duel.
I'm going first, Kite,
and for starters,
I summon Raid Raptor
Vanishing Lanius.
(roaring)
And when I successfully
summoned Vanishing Lanius,
I can also summon
Retrofit Lanius.
(roaring)
And it's perfect,
because when I XYZ Summon,
Retrofit Lanius counts
as two monsters.
Therefore,
it allows me to overlay
my Vanishing Lanius
and Retrofit Lanius
in order to build
the overlay network!
From the shadows,
the falcon soars
on wings of courage,
talons ready for the rebellion.
I XYZ Summon...
Fly forth!
Raid Raptor Rise Falcon!
(roaring)
You've grown rusty
since the last time
we saw each other,
Shay.
Rise Falcon's
only useful
when I have a monster
on my field.
No one summons it
on the very first turn.
Shay,
what happened to you?
You're dueling
like an amateur.
You've gotten soft.
You don't even have
the guts to turn people
into cards anymore.
No, I've just learned
right from wrong.
And I'm no amateur.
I activate Raptor's
Intercept Formation.
By attacking my monster,
my raid raptor's attack
and defense points
switch places.
So you'll have to deal
with 2,000 attack points
instead of 100.
And that's a math problem
you can't handle,
so if you still insist
on attacking, be my guest.
Oh, I will.
'Cause no matter
what you try,
I'm always
two steps ahead of you.
Since you have
an XYZ Monster,
I'm automatically
allowed to summon
this monster
from my hand.
Check out...
my Cipher‐Twin Raptor!
(growling)
And I'm not stopping there.
Next, I summon Cipher‐Wing!
And by tributing
my Cipher‐Wing,
its special ability
activates.
And the levels
of all Cipher monsters
on my field
increase by four.
Whenever I'm XYZ Summoning,
Cipher Twin Raptor
counts as two monsters.
With Twin Raptor, I build
the Overlay Network!
And now I call forth
a monster that will
scorch your precious Rise Falcon
and send it plummeting
into oblivion.
I XYZ Summon
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
(Kite)
I XYZ Summon
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
I wish that thing would go
on the endangered dragons list.
It's giving
good dragons a bad rap.
Right, Gong?
That thing's got catastrophe
written all over it,
and poor old Shay doesn't have
anything to erase it with.
My Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon
will now unleash
its special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
I gain complete control
of your precious
Raid Raptor Rise Falcon.
And once it's mine,
I will end you!
(roaring)
(screeching)
It's not going anywhere.
Raptors
Intercept Formation!
Negate
that special ability!
(screeching)
It makes no difference.
Your Rise Falcon
will fall.
Cipher Dragon,
attack!
Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
Due to my spell's effect,
Rise Falcon's attack
and defense points
switch places
when it's attacked.
It's not enough,
it's still going
to be destroyed.
I wouldn't be so sure.
I activate
the action spell Miracle.
which protects my falcon
and cuts the damage
I take in half.
Seems like
none of your plans
worked out, Kite.
An Action Spell?
Yeah,
that's how we duel.
And if you want
to learn more,
you're in luck,
'cause I've got the skills
that give the thrills.
You've picked up
some interesting habits
from your new friends.
The Shay I remember
never had to resort
to cheap gimmicks
to survive.
Your move.
Cheap gimmicks, huh?
You've become
a pathetic joke.
But I still plan
on getting the last laugh.
I draw!
It's Rank Up Magic.
Raid Force!
I use Raid Raptor
Rise Falcon
to XYZ summon
another Raid Raptor
that's one rank higher!
Go, Rank Up
XYZ Evolution!
Rise up, Raid Raptor
Blaze Falcon.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Blaze Falcon's special ability
destroys your monster
and deals you
500 points of damage.
(screeching)
I don't think so.
Go, Cipher Bit!
Not only does it protect
my Galaxy‐Eyes,
but it also becomes
an Overlay Unit.
(roaring)
Well, that's different.
That Galaxy‐Eyes
must be seeing 20/20,
'cause it's finding
more ways to save itself
than Gong can count.
Your Galaxy‐Eyes
might be safe,
but I can't say the same
for your life points.
What's going on?
This was
a Resistance stronghold.
Duel Academy
could be attacking.
(wincing)
When Blaze Falcon
deals you damage,
it also gets to destroy
your monster.
So, say goodbye
to Galaxy‐Eyes!
(roaring)
Listen, Kite,
no matter what you do,
no matter
what you've done,
you're still
our friend,
and we never leave
a friend behind.
Never.
If you really won't
stay away from me,
I'm gonna have
to make you.
I'm activating...
the trap
Cipher Spectrum!
Since Galaxy‐Eyes
still had an Overlay Unit
when it was destroyed,
I can resurrect
my faithful dragon
from my graveyard
and bring another
out from my extra deck!
Things just went
from bad to worse.
(roaring)
Either I'm seeing double,
or Kite just pulled off
a fast one.
I want to win this war,
as badly as you do, Kite,
but there's a right
and wrong way to do it.
And if you keep doing
what you're doing,
by turning people
into cards,
then you're no better
than the Fusion Dimension.
Guys, you're safe!
I saw an explosion.
And Shay? Kite?
Why are you guys
dueling each other?
Oh, great‐‐ you again.
Alan.
We're dueling
'cause Shay won't listen.
And since actions speak
louder than words,
beating him is the only way
to get through to him.
Now, get out of the way
before I blast you too.
It's my turn.
I've got this.
Shay is right.
You should let him
handle this alone.
Galaxy‐Eyes,
strike down Blaze Falcon
with Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
(roaring)
Raptor Intercept Form
activates again!
So Blaze Falcon's attack
and defense points are reversed.
I'll further protect
Blaze Falcon
with the Overlay Armor.
By using one
of Blaze Falcon's
Overlay Units,
my monster isn't
destroyed.
(groaning)
You're a great duelist, Kite,
but taking down Duel Academy
your way is the wrong way.
And the only reason
I know is because
I learned that
the hard way.
When I left our home,
I swore I would do anything
to get Lulu back, including
turning my foes
into cards.
But I was wrong, Kite.
All that did was create
more pain and misery.
Shay.
Well, you're sure creating
a lot of pain and misery for me.
Galaxy‐Eyes and I have
no respect for cowards.
And we'll have
no mercy on them either.
Attack, Blaze Falcon!
I use Blaze Falcon's
final Overlay Unit
so that it won't
be destroyed!
It won't
protect you, though.
Shay! No!
I end my turn
with a facedown.
You're almost
out of life points.
And your Blaze Falcon is
in no shape to save you.
It's a whole lot weaker
than Kite's Galaxy‐Eyes.
And all its Overlay Units
are used up.
Not good.
Shay's falcon is
a sittin' duck!
Its goose is
totally cooked!
You and your Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon may have
pushed me to the edge
of defeat, Kite,
but I'm not giving up.
Not for me,
and definitely
not for you.
Why don't you just
leave me alone?
I will take down
Duel Academy my way!
And I'm saying
that way is wrong, Kite!
We're going
to take them down
the right way.
And we're going
to take them down together.
You really made
an impression on Shay.
Before he met you,
Shay wouldn't even
blink an eye before
turning our foes into cards.
I'm gonna duel
some sense into you.
Into that thick, stubborn
brick you call a brain.
It's my turn!
Running for
another Action Card.
When will you realize that
relying on Action Cards
has done nothing
but make you soft and weak?
No, Kite, you're wrong.
These new friends have
made me stronger than ever!
Blaze Falcon,
attack Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
What are you thinking?
Galaxy‐Eyes is totally
stronger than Blaze Falcon!
I know!
But if my friends have
taught me one thing,
it's that even when
things look the darkest,
a single card can
provide a ray of hope.
I activate the spell
Attack Force!
That's a sweet move.
Since Rise Falcon is
the weakest monster
on the field,
its attack points
soar all the way
up to 1,600!
Kite, I was determined
to do things my way,
but my friends
helped change me.
I activate High Dive!
So Blaze Falcon gets
even stronger!
That falcon's
attack points took off!
Keep 'em coming.
When I left this dimension,
I was a loner
like you, Kite,
but my travels taught me
that the greatest strength
you can have is
true friends.
True friends...
(sobbing)
Hey, what's up, Saya?
Nice moves!
What's this?
Heh, looks like
that card couldn't help you.
What gives? His monster
should've gotten stronger.
Negatory‐‐
that action spell
can only be activated
when your opponent attacks!
Too little, too late.
Your Action Cards have
finally let you down.
How appropriate.
Exactly like your
so‐called friends,
who also
let you down.
That's why I duel
on my own.
So my friends won't
let me down in my fight
against Duel Academy,
and I won't
let them down either.
I've had enough of people I know
just vanishing into nothing.
I'm never joining you,
Shay, never.
You actually think
that if you don't care,
you won't get hurt.
Well, the reality is
you should care,
and you always do.
My move!
By activating Rank Up
Magic Doom Double Force,
it lets me bring back
my Raid Raptor Blaze Falcon!
Now, I'll Overlay it
and summon a Raid Raptor
with double its rank!
I call upon my most brazen
bird of prey.
With its alloy wings,
it can swoop down
and wipe away any target!
Go, Rank Up
XYZ Evolution!
Soar forth,
Raid Raptor
Ultimate Falcon!
It's more powerful
than my Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon.
Next, I'm gonna activate
the trap card
Ultimate Full Burst!
Not only can Ultimate Falcon
use its special abilities,
but it can also
attack all of your monsters.
And I'm afraid that, Kite,
is very bad news for you
and your dragons.
By using up one
of Ultimate Falcon's
Overlay Units,
your dragons lose
their special abilities.
And they also lose
1,000 attack points.
Raid Raptor
Ultimate Falcon,
attack the first
Galaxy‐Eyes!
Perfect strike!
Give him one more
to seal the deal!
My new friends have helped me
to grow as a duelist,
just like you used
to challenge me
to be my best, Kite.
Remember when we were
still in training?
Back in those days,
we weren't dueling for survival
or to get revenge
but for the pure
fun of it.
Shay's right,
that's exactly how it was.
Whenever Kite and Shay
dueled each other,
huge crowds of students would
gather around to cheer them on.
(all gasping)
All the other kids
at school
looked at Kite and Shay
as heroes.
(whimpering)
How...
How could you know
what it was like?
I know because
Yuto's spirit is a part of me.
Part of you?
(Gong)
Wait, say that again.
(Sylvio)
Well, that sounds
nice and creepy.
I knew you were
still around.
I just knew it.
Now, this is it.
Finish this!
Ultimate Falcon,
attack!
(cheering)
Do it!
Go, Kite!
(booming)
Now, I'm activating
the special ability
of Cipher Mirror Knight!
By sending my Knight
and one of my other cards
to the graveyard,
I get to resurrect
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
That's not all.
The card I sent
to the graveyard
was the trap
Cipher Clone Magic.
By sending a spell
in my deck to the graveyard,
I can activate
its effects.
Go, Cipher Interference!
Since I have two Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragons on my field,
one of them has
their attack points doubled.
Making it stronger
than your little birdie.
With Ultimate Full Burst
in effect, that means
your Ultimate Falcon must
attack all of my monsters.
Which means it has to attack
my more powerful Galaxy‐Eyes!
Aah!
(gasping)
Oh, no! Shay!
(grunting)
I warned you
to leave me alone, Shay.
But you wouldn't listen,
and that's too bad for you.
Kite, stop! Don't!
Leave him alone!
Please, Kite,
please let him go!
We've already
lost Lulu!
And it was my fault.
That's not true, Saya.
You can't keep
blaming yourself.
I should have...
jumped in to help her.
(Yuri)
I do admit,
I enjoyed our little game
of hide‐and‐seek,
but I have you now,
and you're coming
with me.
I promise where we're going
isn't too horrifying.
(Saya)
I was too scared,
too much of a coward
to help Lulu.
She was captured
because I did nothing.
(sobbing)
I'm out of here.
And don't bother
looking for me.
Don't go!